CRA trading limited is a leading Agro Business, Trade and Export Company that was born out of the passion to provide adequate and quality agricultural commodities, distribution vehicles (Minivans and Freezers) for local and international markets. We focus on providing timely, economical and quality products to our clients, while striving to maintain the highest possible levels of customer satisfaction. Our culmination of years of experience, along with our nationwide network of farm partners, enables us to excel our mission. The firm’s strength stems from its dedication to its vision, and its ability to identify potential business frontiers well ahead of the competition.

We source our products from our farms and farm partners; We connect farmers to consumers worldwide by exporting several products like charcoal, Agro chemicals, Agro commodities like sesame seeds, Cashew nuts, ground peanuts, Cocoa beans, and many others. We help local distributors to expand across the country by offering affordable and excellent quality mini vans and freezers, CMC brand. We built a long lasting partnership with farmers deep at agricultural regions, where we procure our raw materials and commodities. The commodities are then accumulated at our warehouses and/or transported to processing facilities, prior to reaching our customers worldwide. The company is growing fast due to the proven experience, dedication and professionalism. We are working hard to increase our main asset which is a satisfied client, by ensuring timely, quality and competitive pricing. While we are customer oriented, we never forget that growers play very vital role in our existence.

Know Our Customers
we take the time to get to know and understand our customers and their business requirements, despite the size and complexity of your business

Set The Ball Rolling
we use our expertise and resources to deliver the customer needs with timely, quality and competitive prices.

Loyalty and Continuity
our focus remains true to our roots and we continue to build and retain long-term trusted partnerships with growers and customers of all sizes and scales.

Our Services
The global impact of the agricultural industry is enormous. Virtually every living being on the planet depends on the agricultural industry in one way or another, without agricultural commodities, the world would starve.

Trading
We export World-Class quality products like charcoal and chemicals, Agric Products like cashew nuts, sesame, Ground peanuts, Cocao beans and many others.

Farming
We farm and strive to avail wide range of high quality Agro products to the world, connecting commodities sourced at farm gates to local economies, emerging markets and the Global Agro Business Markets.

Request A Quote
Need A Quote? Please Feel Free to Contact Us
Reply within 24 hours
24 hrs telephone support
Call to ask any question
+234 904 000 6000

Get In Touch
Plot 13 Block 125c, Abayomi durosinmi, Oniru Lekki Lagos

contact@cra-trading.com

+234 904 000 6000
Quick Links
Home
About Us
Our Services
Contact Us
Popular Links
Request for a Quote
 Chat with us on whatsapp
© CRA Trading. All Rights Reserved. 2024

CRA Trading Limited is an import and export business leader, dealing with Agriculture commodities,distribution vehicles (Minivans and Freezers) and other related products and chemicals, formed by a team of professionals; We focus on providing timely, economical and professional solutions to our clients, while striving to maintain a long lasting relationship with our farm partners to maintain the highest possible levels of customer satisfaction. Our culmination of years of experience, along with our nationwide network of growers and farmers, enables us to excel our mission. The firm’s strength stems from its dedication to its vision, which hinges on custom made solutions, and its ability to identify potential business frontiers well ahead of the competition. The company is growing fast due to the proven experience, dedication and professionalism. We are working hard to increase our main asset which is a satisfied client. In order to deliver revolutionized solutions, we are aiming at building and expanding strong partnerships with local farmers. We combine an array of autonomous growers dedicated to providing a large portfolio of Agro products, to local and world markets.

CRA Trading operates with highly qualified and innovative professionals, working in a friendly yet committed environment. Our people are committed to company vision and mission, excited by their role in enhancing the agricultural potentials of farmers in developing economies, including the positive impact to bring to farmers and consumers. Professional training is an ongoing activity at CRA trading, so that our staff can stay abreast with technological advancement, new tools and methods to support farmers in developing and enhancing sustainable practices and transform their bounty into products for consumers around the globe. Each member of our team believes in continuous development and improvement and is dedicated and committed to serving our corporate mission and values.